Name: Anushka Khare and Rachel Ellis
ID: 1617774 and 1618966
CMPUT 275 Winter 2021
Assignment 1 Part 2 — Trivial Navigation System


We did the Assignment with some help from TAs during office hours but other than that we received no other help.

Included Files:
Makefile 
README
edmonton-roads-2.0.1.txt
plotter
link_emulator
client directory
	clent.cpp
server directory
	digraph.h
	digraph.cpp
	server.cpp
	heap.h
	dijkstra.cpp
	dijkstra.h


Makefile Targets:
- make all: Builds the entire program by creating the client and server executables
- make server: Links the relevant object files to build the server executable in the server directory
- make server.o: Complies the corresponding object
- make dijkstra.o: Complies the corresponding object
- make digraph.o: Complies the corresponding object
- make client: Links the client object file to build the client executable in the client directory
- make client.o: Complies the corresponding object
- make clean: Removes all object files, executables and named pipes

Running Instructions :
1. Call make all from the terimal if running the file for the first time. As specifed in the assignment description, 
the output must be redirected to the plotter. 
2. The user must call the executable ./server [port] ./client [port] (with the required directory relocation), and then ./plotter to run the program
3. Otherwise start by calling make clean (to ensure that the old pipes, objects and executables are removed) and then make all again
4. If testing the error handling and timeout implementation of this program, run the program with the link_emulator with the following format in the command line: ./link_emulator [server port] [client port] [packet drop rate] [average delay]. Note, this executable needs to be run in a new terminal between the server and client ones.

Notes and Assumptions : 
The zip file contains the client directory, server directory, README, Makefile. plotter, link_emulator. In this part of the
assignment we made changes to the server.cpp and client.cpp in the server and client directories respectively. In the server.cpp, 
we based our code off of echoserver.cpp to implement revceing and sending information from the socket. Futhermore, in client.cpp, 
we implemented methods to receive the points from the plotter (inpipe), then send it to server.cpp by using sockets, recieve the
points from server and write them back to the plotter using outpipe. Also, it is important to note that we are the using original
version of plotter released. We also handled the N = 1 case (eg. same start and end point).

Finally, the program ensures that client and server send valid messages through the socket but assumes that the points passed in
by the plotter will have the correct format and type. 
